Introduce identity for remote nodes (#8841)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/install/upgrade.rst

* ``lb``: The ``--lb`` feature has been removed. If you need load-balancing on
  a particular device, consider using :ref:`nodeport`.

.. _1.7_upgrade_notes:

1.7 Upgrade Notes
-----------------

New ConfigMap Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  * ``enable-non-local-node-identity`` has been added to enable a new identity
    for non-local cluster nodes. This allows to treat local and remote cluster
    nodes differently from a policy perspective. The option is enabled by
    default for new deployments when generated via Helm and disabled by default

>     for existing deployments to preserve backward compatibility.

Reviewer: Same here, please document why is it important to keep backward compatibility for this case.

Author: Done

* All code associated with ``monitor v1.0`` socket handling has been removed.

.. _1.7_upgrade_notes:

> 1.7 Upgrade Notes

Reviewer 2: nit, I made this comment in another PR too but this title is already present in the docs above these new lines.

Author: Fixed

    default ConfigMap. Existing deployments will continue to use ``kvstore``
    unless opted into new behavior via the ConfigMap.

  * ``enable-non-local-node-identity`` has been added to enable a new identity
    for non-local cluster nodes. This allows to treat local and remote cluster
    nodes differently from a policy perspective. The option is enabled by
    default for new deployments when generated via Helm and disabled by default

>     for existing deployments.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean that it is "disabled by default for existing deployments" ? The next minor release X.Y upgrade will cause the new default to be picked up if users follow the [current upgrade guide](http://docs.cilium.io/en/latest/install/upgrade/#step-2-option-a-generate-yaml-using-helm-recommended)

Reviewer 2: Ah, I guess that rather than following the (2A) options, the user must follow the (2B) options.

    managed etcd mode to reduce the number of policy identities whitelisted for
    each endpoint.

  * ``enable-remote-node-identity`` has been added to enable a new identity
    for remote cluster nodes. This allows to treat local and remote cluster
    nodes differently from a policy perspective. The option is enabled by
    default for new deployments when generated via Helm. The option is disabled
    for existing cluster to avoid breaking compatibility in case a cluster is
    using policy rules allowing from host which expect to allow traffic from
    all cluster nodes.

    Unless you have policy rules allowing from host which expect to allow
    traffic from all cluster nodes instead of just the local node, it is a good
    idea to enable this option as you upgrade as it improves the default
    security posture of your cluster. If you have policy rules matching on host
    with the intent of allow from all cluster nodes, it is recommended to

>     modify those policy rules to explicitly allow the entity ``non-local-node``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    modify those policy rules to explicitly allow the entity ``remote-node``
```
